रिआया: plurale tantum?
कारख़ाना, कारखाना: regular or unmarked? guessing regular
क़िला, किला: regular or unmarked? guessing regular
ज़हर: should the translit be zahar not zahr? I changed it this way.
ज्यादा, ज़्यादा: can this adj be declined?
दवाख़ाना: regular or unmarked? guessing regular
टॅकनोलॉजी: should this really be transcribed ṭĕkanolŏjī? not ṭĕknolŏjī?
नेत्र: is tr=netr correct? pronunciation disagrees with translit.
पारंपरिक: should this be tr=pāramparik?
असमीकरण: should this be tr=asamīkaraṇ not tr=asamīkraṇ?
ऊष्मीकरण: should this be tr=ūṣmīkaraṇ?
भूमंडलीय ऊष्मीकरण: should this be tr=bhūmaṇḍalīya ūṣmīkaraṇ not tr=bhūmaṇḍalīya ūṣmīkraṇ?
तटस्थीकरण: should this be tr=taṭasthīkaraṇ?
ध्रुवीकरण: should this be tr=dhruvīkaraṇ?
निरस्त्रीकरण: should this be tr=nirastrīkaraṇ?
प्रत्यक्षीकरण: should this be tr=pratyakṣīkaraṇ?
मशीनीकरण: should this be tr=maśīnīkaraṇ?
वर्गीकरण: should this be tr=vargīkaraṇ?
संक्षिप्तीकरण: should this be tr=saṅkṣiptīkaraṇ?
प्रांगार द्विजारेय: m or f? and is |tr=prāṅgār dvijārey correct?
प्रायापिज़्म: m or f? and is |tr=prāyāpizm correct?
प्रिय: is the rendered pronunciation /pɾiː.jᵊ/ correct?
फ़ख़्र: is tr=faxr correct?
फेफडे: should this be deleted since we have फेफड़ा?
बीज गणित: m or f? and is |tr=bīja gaṇita correct?
बौद्ध धर्म: translit by default is ''bauddh dharma'', presumably should actually be ''bauddh dharm'', the correct translit
हिन्दू धर्म: same issue as with बौद्ध धर्म
भिन्नता: is manual tr=bhinntā correct?
भौर: m or f? and is |tr=bhaura correct?
मंडलवक: m or f? and is |tr=maṇḍalavak correct?
मदहोश: is tr=madahośa correct? also the definitions are redundant.
मायने: plurale tantum needing phonetic respelling (note to self)
युरेनस: I have deleted tr=yūrainas as wrong, please verify, thanks! Also what is the gender?
योनि सेक्स: I have deleted |tr=yonī seks as wrong, please verify, thanks! Also what is the gender?
राजनीतिज्ञ: auto tr=rājnītigy with final -gy is correct?
वलयिन: m or f? and is |tr=valayin correct?
शैतानवादी: I have deleted |tr=śaitanavadi as wrong, please verify, thanks! Also what is the gender?
श्वेता: I have deleted |tr=śveta as wrong. Is the noun श्वेता with meaning "white" correct? Should it be "whiteness" or "the color white", or an adjective?
संयोजन: I have deleted |tr=saṅyojan as wrong, please verify.
संवेदना: I have deleted |tr=samvednā, please verify.
समाचारपत्र: Please verify tr=samācārpatr, thanks!
सर्वनाम: Pronunciation ''sarvanām'' disagrees with translit ''sarvnām''.
साँई, सांई: Auto translit sānī is probably wrong. When fixed, remove manual translit from सांई.
सिंह: Is auto translit siṅh correct?
सैकता: m or f? and is |tr=saikatā correct?
सोणिये: This is messed up; not nominative form.
सौंदर्यशास्त्र: Is auto translit tr= saũdaryaśāstr correct?
हीमप्रपात: m or f? and is |tr=hīmprapāt correct?
हुस्न: Pronunciation ''husna'' disagrees with translit ''husn''.



Issues #2:

अंतरिक्ष: "outer space", "the heavens"; masculine plurale tantum; is current declension correct?
अत्फ़ाल: "children"; masculine; should this be plurale tantum? How declined?
जटा: "dreadlocks"; feminine; should this be plurale tantum? how declined?
अंडकोष: Syllable division wrong; should be ''aṇḍ.koṣ''. Needs to take possible onsets into consideration when dividing syllables (as is currently done e.g. in [[Module:uk-pronunciation]]).
अंटार्कटिका: Same as previous; syllable division wrong; should be ''aṇ.ṭārk.ṭi.kā''.
औलाद: "offspring", "children"; feminine plurale tantum; how declined?
अवाम: "the public"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
अहबाब: "friends", "companions"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
उमरा: "people of high rank"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
एशियाई खेल: "Asian Games"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
ऐनक: "glasses, spectacles"; feminine plurale tantum; how declined?
काग़ज़ात: "documents, papers"; masculine plurale tantum (is gender correct?); how declined?
काली-पीली: "taxicabs, taxis"; feminine plurale tantum; how declined?
किंतु-परंतु: "ifs and buts"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
किमी: "km" (??); masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
ख़ुशख़बरी: "good news"; feminine plurale tantum; how declined?
गाली-गलौज: "abuse and cursing"; feminine plurale tantum; how declined?
गोरू:"cattle"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
छोले भटूरे: "chhole bhature"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
जज़्बात: "feelings, emotions"; masculine plurale tantum (is gender correct?); how declined?
प्रजा: "subjects", "people"; feminine plurale tantum; how declined?
फ़ीस: "fees"; feminine plurale tantum; how declined?
भाई-बहन: "siblings"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
माँ-बाप: "parents"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
माता-पिता: "parents"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
मायने: "meanings, nuances"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?
मुजाहिदीन: "mujahideen"; masculine plurale tantum; how declined?


अंटार्कटिका: gender?
अगरतला: gender?
इस्तांबुल: gender? also is tr=istānbul (not auto tr=istāmbul) correct?
ईटानगर: gender?
एमएलए: how declined? and is tr=emele correct? (auto tr=emaelae)
कोयंबतूर: gender?
ख़ैबर पख़्तूनख़्वा: gender?
ग़ुस्लख़ाना: should this be tr=guslxānā?
तिरुवनंतपुरम: gender?
दक्षिण अमरीका: gender?
दक्षिण एशिया: gender?
पुत्रजया: gender?
प्रांगार द्विजारेय: gender?
प्रायापिज़्म: gender?
बुलंदशहर, शहर: śahr or śahar? translit and pronun disagree
बैतनिय्याह: gender?
बोत्सवाना: gender?
वहम: tr=vahm or tr=vahma? translit and pronun disagree
संयुक्त राजशाही: gender?
संलयन: tr=sanlayan or tr=sãlayan?
हंगरी: gender?
हीमप्रपात: gender?
हुस्न: tr=husn or tr=husna? translit and pronun disagree
सहस्र: tr=sahasr or tr=sahasra? translit and pronun disagree
समुदाय: how is this pronounced? pronun and translit disagree
शाह: how is this pronounced? pronun and translit disagree
रहस्य: how is this pronounced? pronun disagrees with translit and Urdu
रस्म: how is this pronounced? pronun gives [ˈɾə.səm]|[ɾəsm] but it has a virama
रत्न: how is this pronounced? pronun gives [ɾəˈt̪ən̪] only but it has a virama
तत्त्व: pronunciation and translit disagree
दलदल: tr=daldal, tr=daladal, or both?
नागरिकता: tr=nāgriktā, tr=nāgrikatā or both?
उड़िया: guessing this is feminine as a language.
उइग़ुर: guessing this is feminine as a language.
ख्मेर: guessing this is feminine as a language.
कोकबोरोक: is this masculine or feminine as a language? Given as masculine.
चेक: guessing this is feminine as a language.
चेचेन: guessing this is feminine as a language.
जर्मन: guessing this is feminine as a language.
डच: guessing this is feminine as a language.
तमिल: guessing this is feminine as a language.
तातार: guessing this is feminine as a language.
थाई: guessing this is feminine as a language.
पोलिश: guessing this is feminine as a language.
हिंदको: is this masculine or feminine as a language? Given as masculine.
बंगला: is this masculine or feminine as a language? Given as masculine.
बड़ो: guessing this is feminine as a language.
रेख़ता: is this masculine or feminine as a language style? Given as masculine.
लोजबान: guessing this is feminine as a language.
सामी: does this actually mean "Semites, Semitic people" or "Semitic person"?
सिंहला: guessing this is feminine as a language.
स्कॉट्स: is this masculine or feminine as a language style? Given as masculine.
स्पेनी, कोरियाई, हिन्दुस्तानी: is this masculine or feminine as a language style? Given as masculine but I changed it to feminine.
स्लोवेनियन, इंडोनेशियन, बम्बैया: guessing this is feminine as a language.
अरोरा, अस्थाना, ओबामा, कच्छारा, कुशवाहा,  एशिया, ऑस्ट्रिया, ओझा, बनिया, मराठा, ओशिआनिया, कनाडा, कन्हैया, कलकत्ता, क़ाहिरा, कातालोनिया, कान्हा, कुशवाहा, कृष्णा, कॅटलोनिया, कोटा, कोरिया, कोलकाता, गया, गुप्ता, गोवा/गोआ, चाइना, झा, तेलंगाना, दशहरा, धतूरा, पोखरा, फ़्लोरिडा, बोलिविया, मंगोलिया, मखीजा, मथुरा, मराठवाडा, मल्होत्रा, महात्मा, मादरेचा, मित्रा, म्यान्मा, यहूदा, रशिया, रेख़ता, वागरेचा, शर्मा, श्रीलंका, सक्सेना, सिसोदिया, सोमालिया, हड़प्पा, etc.: Can I assume that all masculine place names in -ā are regular rather than unmarked? I have made this assumption. What about masculine personal names, surnames and castes?
ओझा, कायस्थ, क्षत्रिय, खत्री, जाट, दे, ब्राह्मण, मराठा: are these caste names masculine or feminine? Given as masculine. Also it appears the names can be both caste names and names of members of the caste (except ब्राह्मण?). I assume the latter can be masculine or feminine based on sense, like names of ethnicities (except क्षत्रिय, which appears to have feminine क्षत्रियण).
अरोरा: are these caste names masculine or feminine? Given as feminine.
कन्नड़: This has two pronuns, one with final ''-a'', I'm assuming it should have two translits.
केरल: Should this have translit/pronun ''kerala''? Urdu equivalent کیرلا has final ''-a''.
अग्रवाल, अरोरा, असलम, आडवाणी, ओबामा, कच्छारा, कुशवाहा, कपूर, केजरीवाल, कैफ, खंडेलवाल, ख़ान, गाँधी, गांगुली, गुप्ता, गॉर्डन, चंद, चौधरी, जलाल, झा, तेंदुलकर, त्रिपाठी, त्रिमूर्ति, त्रिवेदी, बंसल, बच्चन, मखीजा, मल्होत्रा, मादरेचा, मित्रा, वागरेचा, शर्मा, शिंदे, सक्सेना, सरनाईक, सरवटे, सिसोदिया, सेठ, हार्वर्ड, हिंगड, etc.: Surnames are generally given as masculine, should they actually be masculine/feminine by sense?
गुजरात: this has two etymologies, one a state "Gujarat" and one a city "Gujrat" but both given with the same pronun; should they be different?
पुराना नियम: is this declined differently in the oblique sg?
बंजारा: defined as "the Banjara or Lambadi people", should it actually be "member of the Banjara or Lambadi people"?
बक़रीद: should this be tr=baqarīd not default tr=baqrīd?
मित्र: should this be tr=mitr not default tr=mitra? Urdu is متر without any final vowel, which is normally indicated.
मोंटेनीगरो: gender? given as masculine but with attention note asking to check gender.
यहूदा इस्करियोती: does the first part decline differently in the oblique?
रोमानिया, सेंट लूसिया: given as feminine, is this correct? most countries in -yā are masculine.
ऑस्ट्रिया: given as both masc and fem, is this correct? most countries in -yā are masculine.
लैला और मजनू: I have marked this as masculine singular-only, is that correct?
विराटनगर: I have changed the tr to tr=virāṭnagar, correct?
शाहमुखी: I have assumed this to be feminine as other scripts appear to be feminine.
शिंदे, शिगात्से, सरवटे: How is this declined? I have assumed it to be indeclinable.
शिव: Given with two pronunciations, one with final long ''-ā''. Is this correct? Maybe it's actually a final short ''-a''? The translit needs to be updated.
शुक्र: How should it be pronounced and transliterated? Presumably as tr=śukr not default tr=śukra, per the Urdu شکر?
हवाई: Is feminine correct? It's marked as "check this".
अति (likewise अभिव्यक्ति): Given with pronun like this: {{temp|hi-IPA||अती}} Is this intended to indicate two pronuns, one with short final ''-i'' and the other with long final ''-ī''? If so it doesn't work.
अतिसंवेदनशील: This has translit atisãvedanśīl but the pronunciation uses a respelling to indicate /ə.t̪ɪ.səm.ʋeː.d̪ən.ʃiːl/, without a nasal vowel before the ''v''. Is this correct and/or normal? If normal, should we fix the translit to not make it a nasal vowel?
अग्निशस्त्र: pronun has respelling अग्नीशस्त्र indicating a long ''-ī-'' in the middle. Is this correct and/or normal? The same respelling is not done to अग्निशमन, अग्निपरीक्षा or अग्निशामक
अज्ञेयवाद: at this point it has pronun respelling अज्ञेय॰वाद, which has no effect. Is this correct? Same for अज्ञेयवादी with pronun respelling अज्ञेय॰वादी.
अनुपस्थित: pronun has respelling अनूपस्थित indicating a long ''-ū-'' in the middle. Is this correct and/or normal? There are a large number of other words in ''anu-'' without similar respelling.
अम्लता (likewise अम्लपित्त): Given with two pronuns अम्ल-ता and अम्लता. This causes two pronuns /əm.lᵊ.t̪ɑː/, [ə̃m.l̪ᵊ.t̪äː] and /əm.lə.t̪ɑː/, [ə̃m.l̪ə.t̪äː]. This appears to indicate that reduced schwa is phonemic. Should we be transliterating it as ''ă''?